docs: Readme refresh (#17246)
Azure/bicep: README.md

# Azure Bicep

For all you need to know about the Bicep language, check out our [Bicep documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/).

## What is Bicep?

> Bicep is a domain-specific language that uses declarative syntax to deploy Azure resources. In a Bicep file, you define the infrastructure you want to deploy to Azure and then use that file throughout the development lifecycle to repeatedly deploy that infrastructure. Your resources are deployed in a consistent manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bicep is a infrastructure-as-code (IaC) programming language that uses declarative syntax to deploy Azure resources. In a Bicep file, you define the infrastructure you want to deploy to Azure and then use that file throughout the development lifecycle to repeatedly deploy that infrastructure. Your resources are deployed in a consistent manner.
```
